If each follower is equal to 1 light year, these people can take you across the Milky Way.
Thank you for every light year that brings us to our dream destination.
Do you feel better?
Hmm...
Mork...
Who?
Pardon?
Whose name?
It's...
Don't you remember?
Don't you really remember?
If you're good to me...
because you think that I'm Mork,
I have to say thank you.
Mork!
Mork...
I always understand that...
you can remember me.
This is the second time that you walk away from me!
Didn't I love you enough?
Why me?
I'm always the one who is disappointed in love.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry that I didn't tell you...
At first, I was so angry.
But now I understand.
It's difficult for you to tell me.
Because you're afraid that I would be sad.
Mork...
I like you.
I think...
I'm too young...
to love someone.
The relationship that can't go on
or can't stop loving...
is too cruel.
Please don't think that just only you who are heartbroken.
You know what...
The worst thing is that
you're always by my side...
but I still feel so lonely...
I want to accept your love...
without embarrassing anyone.
Do you understand?
I don't know what kind of feeling I'm feeling right now.
I can't be falling in love with anyone...
I still don't understand what I'm feeling for you...
I think I don't understand myself.
If you say that you can't be falling in love with anyone...
Can I beg you one thing?
Let me love you as you are...
Please...
You think that our relationship right now...
is not so clear?
I think we shouldn't fight.
It's awful to be far away from you.
I promise...
I'm going to come back here to give you my answer.
Please listen carefully...
I'll be right here waiting for you and your answer...
until you come back.
You're loser again.
If you think of me,
I'll be there for you.
Dew is caused by water vapor or moisture in the air that clumps together to form water droplets and then falls to the ground.
Dew occurs at night during the low air temperature.
However, the dew that arises on this tree of souls is different. It is formed from the blessings of those we love gathered into the first dew of winter.
For the first 3-4 days, the spirits will go to the places where they used to be happy.
During this period, these spirits are weak and lose their memory except they drink the first dew of winter.
Moreover, the first dew of winter can energize those spirits for up to 99 days.
During 99 days, you have to come and get the first dew of winter from me before midnight.
Let's go inside.
P'Mek...
Hello...
Where is P'Mek?
I want to meet and talk to him.
Let's go somewhere else.
Just a moment.
Where are you going?
I'm going back home.
I don't think so.
If you go back home right now, you still can't enter your house.
Why? It's not so far.
Please believe what I say.
Let's hang out, please...
Up to you.
Thanks. Let's go!
I think white clothes are perfect for you.
Mork, Mork...
Excuse me
Yes?
Where are you going?
I'm looking for my brother.
It seems like the cafe is closing now. I think he's going back home.
Can I help you?
It's not the right time to go back home.
Why not?
In this world, everything happens for a reason.
Who are you?
I'm trusting and wondering...
I'm monitoring and controlling...
Huh?
Are you acting like an angel?
I don't believe you.
Apparently, you're surrounded by weird things, aren't you?
Mon is still here.
Wait...
You can't go inside
until you have to promise me.
If you go inside, you have to come back before midnight.
What crazy are you saying?
Stop asking, just listening!
You don't have so much time.
You're going to meet that person for the last time.
He doesn't have a chance to see you again.
He's in another world. His world is different from ours.
What?
Mon...
I'm going to let that person meet you for the last time.
It's your time now.
Don't forget what I told you.
Come back here before midnight.
Mon...
I'm Mork. You're Mon.
I'm Mork.
You're loser.
Hmm. Yes, I am.
You like the stranger game, don't you?
How many years
that I'm Mork playing as Mon,
and you're Mon playing as Mork?
I don't know.
Why?
Do you want to play again?
No, I don't.
What's up, P'Mon?
How are you?
I'm sorry...
that I ask you to play this crazy game.
If we did not play this game, you would not be apart.
It's also my fault.
Don't blame yourself.
It's been 3 years since you left home.
I've not been in relationship with P'Tiew.
I know P'Tiew likes you so much.
I just want to end this by two of you.
So we understand, right?
From now on, you don't have to worry about me.
I forgive you for everything.
What makes me most happy is that the two of us were born together.
--- Subtitles by Natt Tongtep ---